Documentation: Background Color Changer
Project Overview

The "Background Color Changer" is a simple interactive web project that allows users to change the background color of the webpage with a button click. Each click generates a new random color, which is displayed and applied to the background. The last used color is also saved in the browser's localStorage, allowing it to persist even after the page is refreshed.
HTML Structure

The HTML code for this project is structured as follows:

    DOCTYPE Declaration and Language Settings: The document begins with <!DOCTYPE html> to declare it as an HTML5 document and lang="en" to specify the English language.

    Head Section:
        The <meta charset="UTF-8"> and <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"> tags are included to ensure proper character encoding and responsiveness on different devices.
        Two CSS files (general.css and style.css) are linked to style the webpage.
        The title of the page is set to "Background Color Changer".

    Body Section:
        Header and Navigation: A simple navigation bar with a "Home" link is placed at the top of the page.
        Main Content:
            Contains an <h1> element with the project title "Background Color Changer".
            Includes a <p> element to display the name of the current background color.
            Features a button that triggers the color-changing functionality.
        Footer: Contains a copyright message.
        A <script> tag at the bottom of the body links the script.js file, where the JavaScript logic is written.

JavaScript Logic

The JavaScript is responsible for generating random background colors, updating the display, and saving the chosen color in localStorage. Here's how the script works:

    Element Selection: The querySelector method is used to select elements on the page:
        .colorName: The paragraph element that will display the current background color.
        .changeColor: The button that users will click to change the background color.

    Event Listener:
        An event listener is added to the button, which listens for a click and triggers the changeMyColor function.

    Initial Color Setup:
        Upon loading, the script checks localStorage for a previously saved background color using getItem("getColor").
        If a stored color is found, it is applied to the background, and the color name is updated on the page.

    Functionality - changeMyColor:
        The function generates three random numbers between 0 and 255 using Math.random() and Math.floor(). These numbers represent the red, green, and blue (RGB) values of a color.
        A color string in the format rgb(r, g, b) is created and applied to the webpage background.
        The color is also stored in localStorage so that it persists when the page is refreshed.

CSS Styling

The project includes two CSS files to style the webpage. Here's an overview of the styling:

    Navigation:
        The navigation menu is styled to remove default list styling (list-style-type: none) and has padding for layout consistency.

    Main Section:
        The main content is centered vertically and horizontally using flexbox.
        The heading (h1) is styled with a larger font size, and the paragraph (p) where the color name is displayed has a bold appearance.

    Button:
        The button is styled with padding, a border-radius for rounded corners, and a cursor pointer to indicate interactivity.

    Footer:
        The footer is fixed to the bottom of the page, styled with a background color, and aligns the text to the right.

    Global Styles:
        The :root selector defines CSS variables (--text-color, --background-color, etc.) that can be reused across the project.
        The html and body elements are styled with consistent margins and padding.

CSS File Breakdown

    General CSS (general.css):
        Defines global styles like the default font size, font family, and basic layout.

    Specific Styles (style.css):
        Handles specific component styling for the navigation, main content, and footer.

Features

    Random Background Colors: Each click on the button generates a new random RGB color and applies it to the page.
    Persistent State: The color is stored in localStorage, ensuring the background color remains the same when the page is reloaded.